=head1 NAME

tsdb - manipulate a TimeSplice .tsdb database

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	tsdb <command> [option[s]]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<TimeSplice> is a fast time series database. The B<tsdb> command allows you to manipulate
a C<.tsdb> database from the command line.

=head1 COMMANDS

Each command has its own options. All commands will print their usage if passed C<-h>.

=head2 create

Create a new database.

=over 4

=item -f <filename> (required)

Name of the file the database should be created in.

=item -r <resolution>

Resolution for each row in the time series in seconds.

=item -b <time>

Rhe time of the first row in the time series as a unix timestamp.

=item -c <column names>

The name of the columns to create as comma seperated values.

	-c count,foo,bar 

=item -h

Print out help.

=back

=head2 info

Dump the meta information about a database.

=over 4

=item -f <filename>

The filename of the C<.tsdb> database to dump.

=back

=head2 insert

Insert a value into the database.

=over 4

=item -f <filename>

The filename of the C<.tsdb> database to insert into.

=item -t <timestamp>

Timestamp  to insert this value at as a unix timestamp. Defaults to current time.

=item -c <column>

Column to insert into, defaults to 0.

=item -v <value>

Integer value to insert.

=back

=head2 dump

Dump the all the rows from a database.

=over 4

=item -f <filename>

The filename of the C<.tsdb> database to dump.

=item -c <column>

Which column to dump (defaults to dumping all columns).

=item -d

Dump as difference rather than absolute value.

=back

=head2 help <command>

Get the help for any command.

=head1 EXIT STATUS

The B<tsdb> utility exits 0 on success, and >0 if an error occurs.

=cut
